[2.11][ACM-17851] Updated advanced configuration deployed components for Installer (#7506)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/install_upgrade/adv_config_install.adoc

| hive | Provisions and performs initial configuration of {ocp-short} clusters | True
| hypershift | Hosts {ocp-short} control planes at scale with cost and time efficiency, and cross-cloud portability | True
| hypershift-local-hosting | Enables local hosting capabilities for within the local cluster environment | True
| image-based-install-operator-preview | Provides site configuration to {sno} clusters to complete installation | False
| local-cluster | Enables the import and self-management of the local hub cluster where the {mce-short} is deployed | True

> | managedserviceacccount | Syncronizes service accounts to managed clusters and collects tokens as secret resources back to the hub cluster | True

Reviewer: Does it collect tokens then give these tokens back to the hub cluster? If so, perhaps a small edit would make that process clearer. What do you think of this edit? 

```suggestion
| managedserviceacccount | Synchronizes service accounts to managed clusters then collects tokens as secret resources to give back to the hub cluster | True
```

Reviewer: I used "then" thinking that the "collect" action needed to be done after "synchronize" if they don't have that causal relationship, just use "and" like you did :) 

```suggestion
| managedserviceacccount | Synchronizes service accounts to managed clusters and collects tokens as secret resources to give back to the hub cluster | True
```

| hypershift | Hosts {ocp-short} control planes at scale with cost and time efficiency, and cross-cloud portability | True
| hypershift-local-hosting | Enables local hosting capabilities for within the local cluster environment | True
| local-cluster | Enables the import and self-management of the local hub cluster where the {mce-short} is deployed | True
| managedserviceacccount | Synchronizes service accounts to managed clusters, and collects tokens as secret resources back to the hub cluster | True

> | server-foundation | Provides foundational services for server-side operations within the multicluster environment | True

Reviewer 2: keeping this as it came from the developer "to give" may not be accurate. Added comma and removed "then" because that may also not be accurate chronologically.

Reviewer 2: @dislbenn can you help here with this phrase:

tokens as secret resources **back** to the hub cluster

to send back to the hub cluster?

Reviewer 2: removed IBIO bc developer said it was dev preview and we would not doc that.

Author: @swopebe I think we can add "to give" back to the statement. This is what is defined within the `ManagedServiceAccount` repo:

> Managed Service Account" is an OCM addon developed over [addon-framework](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/addon-framework) for synchronizing [ServiceAccount](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/) to the managed clusters and collecting the tokens from these local service accounts as secret resources back to the hub cluster.

    node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""
----

> To define a set of node selectors for the {acm-short} hub cluster, see link:../../install/adv_config_install.adoc#node-selector[nodeSelector] in the {acm-short} documentation.

Reviewer: I don't think we need {acm-short} documentation since we're giving users a specific link to click, so not sure if we need to provide this type of direction. 

```suggestion
To define a set of node selectors for the {acm-short} hub cluster, see link:../../install/adv_config_install.adoc#node-selector[nodeSelector] in the product documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: I disagree that we don't need "in the documentation" in this case,  but we can remove the product name--agree that is redundant. Because the link name is simply [node-selector] and can be **anything** if read out loud to a non-sighted user, I will use that to indicate it is in the product doc. I am always thinking of the non-sighted user and trying to orient them better.

The previous infra-node toleration is set on pods by default without specifying any tolerations in the configuration. Customizing tolerations in the configuration will replace this default behavior.

> To define a list of tolerations for the {acm} hub cluster,, see link:../../install/adv_config_install.adoc#tolerations[tolerations] in the {acm-short} documentation.

Reviewer: Same as above and totally optional! 

```suggestion
To define a list of tolerations for the {acm-short} hub cluster, see link:../../install/adv_config_install.adoc#tolerations[tolerations] in the product documentation.
```
